_pages/projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: projects
permalink: /projects/
description: A growing collection of your cool projects.
nav: true
nav_order: 3
display_categories: [work, fun]
horizontal: false
---

<!-- pages/projects.md -->
<div class="projects">
{% if site.enable_project_categories and page.display_categories %}
  <!-- Display categorized projects -->
  {% for category in page.display_categories %}
  <a id="{{ category }}" href=".#{{ category }}">
    <h2 class="category">{{ category }}</h2>
  </a>
  {% assign categorized_projects = site.projects | where: "category", category %}
  {% assign sorted_projects = categorized_projects | sort: "importance" %}
  <!-- Generate cards for each project -->
  {% if page.horizontal %}
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects_horizontal.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
    </div>
  </div>
  {% else %}
  <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-3">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
  </div>
  {% endif %}
  {% endfor %}

{% else %}

<!-- Display projects without categories -->

{% assign sorted_projects = site.projects | sort: "importance" %}

  <!-- Generate cards for each project -->

{% if page.horizontal %}

  <div class="container">
    <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects_horizontal.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
    </div>
  </div>
  {% else %}
  <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-3">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
  </div>
  {% endif %}
{% endif %}
</div>

Commit message:

Update site configuration and content for MIRAI VISION LAB

_pages/projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: research
permalink: /projects/
description: Explore our cutting-edge research projects in computer vision and AI
nav: true
nav_order: 3
display_categories: [ongoing, completed]
horizontal: false
---

<!-- pages/projects.md -->
<div class="projects">
  
<div class="research-intro" style="text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0 3rem 0;">
  <p style="font-size: 1.1rem; color: #555; max-width: 800px; margin: 1rem auto;">
    Our research spans multiple domains of computer vision and artificial intelligence, 
    from fundamental algorithms to real-world applications. Below are some of our active and completed projects.
  </p>
</div>

{% if site.enable_project_categories and page.display_categories %}
  <!-- Display categorized projects -->
  {% for category in page.display_categories %}
  <a id="{{ category }}" href=".#{{ category }}">
    <h2 class="category">{{ category }}</h2>
  </a>
  {% assign categorized_projects = site.projects | where: "category", category %}
  {% assign sorted_projects = categorized_projects | sort: "importance" %}
  <!-- Generate cards for each project -->
  {% if page.horizontal %}
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects_horizontal.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
    </div>
  </div>
  {% else %}
  <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-3">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
  </div>
  {% endif %}
  {% endfor %}

{% else %}

<!-- Display projects without categories -->

{% assign sorted_projects = site.projects | sort: "importance" %}

  <!-- Generate cards for each project -->

{% if page.horizontal %}

  <div class="container">
    <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects_horizontal.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
    </div>
  </div>
  {% else %}
  <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-3">
    {% for project in sorted_projects %}
      {% include projects.liquid %}
    {% endfor %}
  </div>
  {% endif %}
{% endif %}
</div>
